High consumption of meat could be associated with risk of developing depression.
Associations between obesity and depression and dietary factors.
Also, a 2011 study in the American Journal of Clinical Nutrition found that women who ate more vitamin D–rich foods had a lower risk of depression than women who got less vitamin D in their diets.

Good food : Berries, beans, dark chocolate, fish, herbal tea, leafy greens, whole foods.

Spotify links
https://open.spotify.com/browse/genres


General questions

How often have you had little interest or pleasure in doing things?
How often have you been bothered by trouble falling or staying asleep, or sleeping too much?
How often have you been bothered by poor appetite or overeating?
How often have you been bothered by feeling bad about yourself, or that you are a failure, or have let yourself or your family down?
How often have you been bothered by trouble concentrating on things, such as reading the newspaper or watching television?

Have you recently been in a fight that has affected your mental or physical ability in a negative way?
Have you been feeling nervous recently ?
On a scale of 0 to 10, how emotionally stable do you think you are? (0 being least stable and 10 being extremely stable)


Have you been bothered by worrying about any of the following?
Your health, weight, little or no desire for pleasure or sex, difficulties with partner, stress at school, work or outside home,
financial troubles, no one to turn to, something bad has happened recently.

Specific for sadness / depression

How often have you been bothered by moving or speaking so slowly that other people could have noticed,
or the opposite - being so fidgety or restless that you have been moving around a lot more than usual?

How often have you been bothered by having trouble relaxing?
How often have you been bothered by becoming easily annoyed or irritable?

Solutions for a better mood in general
1. Spend more time with sympathetic friends and relatives.
2. Don’t bite off more than you can chew.
3. Do more of the things you normally enjoy, even if they no longer seem appealing.
4. Get out of the house, even if only to buy milk or walk in the park.
5. Fight off negative thoughts.
6. Be realistic about your progress.
7. Avoid making or acting upon important decisions.
8. Get as much sleep as you can.
9. Make an appointment with a health professional.
10. Decide whom to call in an emergency should you feel overwhelmed by negative thoughts.

General Solutions more
Retrain your emotions and your reaction to certain situations.
Using an assessment of yourself of something or someone again or in a different way.
Stabilize mental and physical health.

Particular moods and solutions

Jealousy :
Have you had an irrational thinking or action towards a logical or normal situation?
Do you have a doubt in your mind about something going wrong in one of your relations with another person?
Have you tried distracting yourself from the situation?
On a scale of 0 to 10, what is your level of jealousy to the situation? (0 being least jealous and 10 being extremely jealous)
Have you tried to effectively communicate with the person you're having troubles with?

To get rid of the situation :
Clear your head and think rationally.
Do not play games with the other persons feelings and not to confuse your own.
Do not try to make your partner jealous unnecessarily by going out of your way and going something rash.
Remove yourself from the online world as much as possible, as you can get wrong ideas from messages and media.
Uncertainty is part of life and we have to learn how to accept it, as it is one of those limitations that we can’t really do anything about.
Attempt doing some exercise or yoga to relax your mind and body, so that your imagination doesn't overpower your reality.
Try to release the tension or stress by exerting yourself in activities other than relationships. Like by reading an engaging top-seller,
or going for a brisk jog, spending more time on your hobbies.

Food

Berry advantages : lowers cholesterol, has anti-oxidants, healthy could be used in almost all type of diets, great to eat alone or in meals
Used in: jealousy, anger, sadness, disgust, fear, sadness

Dark chocolate : reduces blood pressure and cholesterol.
